I think if you got fired something well
that brings us to the guys who could
fire you I guess for two more seasons
that hearing that news well you know
radula goes back a year ago to hear
after the writer strike
we were just this baby show and we came
here and you guys just surrounded us
from so much support and love and we
went back into last year with a lot of
enthusiasm and there was no strike and
we got to do a whole year and so you
know I don't know I just the two year
pick up it has a lot to do with this you
know feeling like it was people out
there that it got cancer
we talked about writing a comic on high
last year for a long time and what was
really cool you know cuz i i'm i'm a big
fan boy and I remember the Star Trek fan
and many other abilities it's amazing to
be on the other side of that kind of
relationship with fans something that
you're working on that where people see
if the tree down show it or not but does
it come like a sci-fi show or something
that has characters that are invested in
that way that's just as I've been
inserted just a thank you to you guys
it's been you you've you're part of our
conversation every day
today I said after after San Diego last
year did you write in like the comic
book store episode and stuff like that
as a result of this her Teodoro plan all
that the topics Louis with the natural
outgrowth of the characters interest and
coffee shop
in the trigger on the smokers and you
know what eleven we forgot was what
happens in Comcast is a chemical polish
misadventures maybe he's coming forward
this year you guys followed us on a date
that's what we did eight shows before
the strike took us out there for a
season and then with the strike was over
CBS put us on an 8 o'clock I thought
that might be the end of it to follow
this and kept us alive and that's when
we got the two-year pick up when we did
well I think so move mister 9:30 - Oh
Lewis - Bravo network I don't care
there's a later time taught me that they
could see the development of some of
these love interest you know we talked
about that a lot this year that even
though it's in the 9:30 time slot
there's a certain innocence to these
characters that we want to maintain this
is not two and a Half Men
so I think the toilet show stay the same
although things will change this year
baby we talked about you coming to the
show of bringing your daughter and we
said let's let's make this continue we
just wanted to sit on Sheldon's into the
couch is this I mean this wasn't a huge
thing from when this show kind of broke
out did your did this change your lives
I mean can you walk down the street
really do I always say are so kind
it's really really spectacular yeah the
show and there's generally get a table
for the most part so it's not weird it's
not uncomfortable and and you know while
I still meet people in the street and I
wouldn't have been otherwise it's not
what being breath pissed so that kind of
mob scene ever will be and that would be
okay what there was a particular period
I mean after it was it in midwinter the
first season was it happy after the
first season where you noticed a change
it's a fantastic position at the end
both genuinely armed because we can
scare to one another's it's really
fantastic just really means and the fan
base is so is so different everyone I
mean there'll be little kids and then
they'll be like you know a 60 year old
man who's like my father is obsessed
doesn't everyone always know someone
like you
like everyone everyone's like wow you
know stuff like Sheldon
everybody knew someone who was a Dharma
it does work are there for the actors is
there something you'd like to see your
character do you champion the bid to get
somewhere with certain things
on that note I guess we should open it
up for audience questions